Add sum(for keyPath:) to Sequence (#736)
SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift: CHANGELOG.md

  - Added `enumerateMatches(in:options:range:using:)`, `matches(in:options:range:)`, `numberOfMatches(in:options:range:)`, `firstMatch(in:options:range:)`, `rangeOfFirstMatch(in:options:range:)`, `stringByReplacingMatches(in:options:range:withTemplate:)`, `replaceMatches(in:options:range:withTemplate:)`, which use `String` and `String.Range` in place of `NSString` and `NSRange` to make the calls Swifter. [#727](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/727) by [guykogus](https://github.com/guykogus).
- **UIImage**:
  - Added `withBackgroundColor(_:)` to specify a background color for a partially transparent image. [#721](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/721) by [MaxHaertwig](https://github.com/maxhaertwig).
- **Sequence**:

>   - Added `sum(for:)` to sum up a Numeric property, referenced by KeyPath, of all elements in a sequence. [#736](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/736) by [Moritz Sternemann](https://github.com/moritzsternemann).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added `sum(for:)` to sum up an `AdditiveArithmetic` property, referenced by `KeyPath`, of all elements in a sequence. [#736](https://github.com/SwifterSwift/SwifterSwift/pull/736) by [Moritz Sternemann](https://github.com/moritzsternemann).
```
